All right guys so in this video I just want to go over a couple small things that I missed that I feel
are important for you guys to know.
So this is kind of just an aside and I just have a file called index H Temple and I'm going to just
generate my Boulder boilerplate here and let's just say test file and we'll put in our style tags and
then in the body I'm just going to have an H1 and I'm just going to say hello world and a paragraph
underneath with let's say 15 words and we'll go ahead and openness and the first thing I want to talk
about is visibility.
OK so we looked at the display property where we could display block display inline inline block later
on we're going to look at display flex display grid.
There's also something called display none which will just remove the element from the browser completely.
So I'm going to take the H1 and I'm going to set display to none and save.
And notice it completely goes away.
So this can be very useful especially when it comes to building responsive Web sites and responsive
applications because sometimes you might want something not to show on mobile screens.
So this comes in handy.
Now there's also a property called visibility.
OK so we can set visibility to hidden and I'm going to save that notice it goes away but the big difference
here is that it still takes up the space.
OK.
Display none.
We'll just completely remove it from what's called the Document Object Model.
Visibility just basically makes it disappear or makes it invisible.
It's still there in terms of the space.
OK.
So that's the big difference between these two you're going to find yourself using this much much more
than this but it's still important to know that that's available.
All right so the next thing I want to look at is the order of precedence and also the important flag.
So basically if I take this H1 here and I give it a color of blue I save that.
Obviously it's going to turn blue but if I give this a class of let's just say hello and up here I say
dot hello and give that a color of red and save it turns red.
So normally the further down the style is that that's what's going to take precedence however targeting
a class is going to override targeting the actual element.
And if I take this class of how low and I move it above the H1 you might think that while now it's going
to be fixed this you might think now it's gonna be blue because this is further down.
However if I save it's still red.
And the reason for that is is having a specific class and targeting that it's going to override just
the H1 itself.
All right.
Now I just want to put this back how I had it like that and if you come to a situation where you in
this might happen if you're dealing with other style sheets maybe you're using some kind of CSX framework
and you're bringing an external style sheets as well and you want your style to override another style
you can use the important flag.
So right here where we sit color blue I'm just going to add onto the end of this.
I'm going to add an exclamation and then the word important.
OK.
Now if I save this you can see now it's blue because this this important flag is going to say it doesn't
matter if there's a class of hello or anything else and nothing else matters this should take precedence.
OK.
And the only way that that this is going to work is if I also put important on this which is stupid
and defeats the purpose but just to show you that it works.
We'll go ahead and save that and that will be red.
All right bring in.
Get rid of that.
I do want to keep that though.
Just see you guys have it for reference.
All right.
And then the last thing I want to mention for now if I remember anything else that I forgot I'll come
back to this.
This this video and edited it but is is negative margin values we went over margin we went we met went
over padding but we didn't go over negative margin values which you really should try to avoid if you
can but it is possible so of course we can take this H1.
So let's work in the class down here we'll say margin dash top and we say 30 pixels and save and it
gets pushed down 30 pixels but at the same time we can also do negative 30 pixels and that will just
bring it upwards.
OK.
And you can do the same thing like Let's do margin let's do left.
Negative 30 pixels.
And what it should do is pull it this way save.
And there it goes that way.
All right.
So you can have negative values with margins.
However you can't do it with padding.
If I do it with padding and save that's not going to work OK because remember padding is inside the
border.
All right.
So those are the main things that I wanted to mention.
So we'll move on and let's start our hotel website project.